If you want to paritcipate in this project as frontend dev, you are welcome!

This is sum of what i have done.
14.11.22
2-nd day of development, hoping i will end main gameplay soon.
Trying to make connection to another page with saving gameId.

Yes, i made gameId working! now making connection to sockets.

17.11.22
5-th day. Websockets are confirmed working. Text on cards changes for both players simultaneously.
Next step is to add some cards working. Players must have ability to take cards from their deck.
I have to make cards, make their basic abilities, like attack and health.
Make deck and hand for everyplayer.
Make ability to take cards from the deck, no more then five.
That's a long task, so let's go.

21.11.22
9-th day. Make players' ability to take cards from deck took more than i thought.
Next step is to make cards drag'n'drop on the battlefield! It must be a bit easer to do...

22.11.22
10-th day. Drag'n'drop not so easy to make... But dragging cards is possible now

16.12.22
34-th day. Added lots of things compare to last note. Now games, players, their cards, boards, leaders 
are saved in database through JPA and hibernate. drag and drop were done long ago. Now i am working
on ability to choose your leader. But for better debugging and future game I would like to make
firstle opponent's cards counter and your actions left counter. I don't know how fast i'm going on.
I see lots of errors with every change. But i've learnt a lot now. Maybe I am not so bad for looking
for a job... And yes, on month of development gone! I spent a lot of time with this project working few
hours every day.
 
12.02.22
A lot of time passed after last note. And I didn't use this time for the project because I was working.
It is so hard to work and learn simultaneously... And i don't know how to count days of working with
project while i'm not actually working on it... 

11.03.22
I am still not working on this project... This is really cold here

22.05.24
So much time passed in a blink of an eye.
Here is a sad thing: my database seems to be gone. I have updated everything on this laptop, and seems I somehow touched these databases too.
It is not that bad, because I don't remember that database at all.